Update Google Pay article (#1542)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Integration-Guides/payments-integration-guide/google-pay-processing-information-for-payment-providers-and-anti-fraud.md

createdAt: "2022-06-22T00:00:00.000Z"
updatedAt: ""
---
Here are some answers to questions you may have about transactions with Google Pay:

> ## 1. What are the differences between the payload used for a standard credit card payment and the one used for Google Pay [DPAN](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/dpan-and-fpan-understanding-security-in-the-online-tokenized-payment-flow--3RM7RvhKZ057wja5xVEOqb)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What are the differences between the payload used for a standard credit card payment and the one used for Google Pay [DPAN](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/dpan-and-fpan-understanding-security-in-the-online-tokenized-payment-flow--3RM7RvhKZ057wja5xVEOqb)?
```

Reviewer: These are not sequential steps nor have any hierarchy, I don't see why they should be numbered.

Besides the original fields for a credit or debit card payment transaction, the Google Pay DPAN transaction has three additional fields:

- `cryptogram`: 3DS cryptogram information (previously called `3DS_criptogram`).
- `eci`: Electronic Commerce Indicator (previously called `ECI_Indicador`). This field is sent only for Visa transactions and indicates the result of the authentication attempt made by the 3DS system.
- `paymentOrigin` (optional): Identifies the type of card used for payment. To enable this field in Google Pay (DPAN) transactions or FPAN transactions and receive the information in the [Create payment endpoint](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/payment-provider-protocol#post-/payments) payload, open a ticket with [VTEX Support](https://help.vtex.com/support).

In the VTEX Admin, go to **Orders > Transactions** to check if a transaction has been made with Google Pay.

![DPAN transaction fields](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content/main/docs/guides/Integration-Guides/payments-integration-guide/dpan-transaction-fields-1.png)

> > ℹ️ The `paymentOrigin`, `panType`, and `cryptogram` fields aren't sent in standard credit or debit card transactions (without using a digital wallet).

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be: `cryptogram`, `eci` and `paymentOrigin`?

Author: In this case, it is `panType`, indeed. 
The callout is relative to the illustration being added.

> ## 2. What are the possible values for the "paymentOrigin" field in the payload?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What are the possible values for the `paymentOrigin` field in the payload?
```

Author: Done!

> The "paymentOrigin" field is always sent with the "Google Pay" value. Payment transactions using other payment methods don't have the "paymentOrigin" field in the payload.

Reviewer: Use `` for field names and values, instead of "".

Author: Great! Done!

> ## 3. Is the card CVV sent in Google Pay transactions?

Reviewer: Use the abreviation only after you have used the complete spelled out version before. E.g., "_Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)_"

Author: Great! Done!

> ## 3. Is the card CVV sent in Google Pay transactions?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Is the card CVV sent in Google Pay transactions?
```

> No. The card CVV is sent in certain FPAN-type transactions. DPAN payment transactions don't require the card CVV number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. The card CVV is sent in certain FPAN-type transactions. DPAN payment transactions do not require the card CVV number.
```

Reviewer: Don't use contractions.

Author: Done!

> > ℹ️ Transactions processed in subscription or recurring operations also don't use the card CVV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ Transactions processed in subscription or recurring operations do not use the card CVV as well.
```

> ## 4. How can I simulate a DPAN test transaction?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How can I simulate a DPAN test transaction?
```

To run a DPAN test transaction, follow these steps:

1. Add a new card in the Google Pay digital wallet app or via redirection from the bank app (Android).
2. Open the Chrome browser using the same Android device you used to add the card.
3. Simulate buying a product, and on the checkout screen, select the option to pay using Google Pay.

> > ⚠️ Make sure to select the card that displays the actual card image, as it defines the transaction will use DPAN. If you select the card displaying the flag image, the transaction will use the FPAN method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > ⚠️ Make sure to select the card that displays the actual card image, as it defines the transaction will use DPAN. If you select the card displaying the flag image, the transaction will use the FPAN method.
```

Reviewer: Elements within lists have to be indented so that the list doesn't break. Also, I think there can't be these blank lines, but it's worth the test.
